Functions:

Gettweets:
Takes as input the username of the person. Returns all the tweets the user is involved in. These may be either originally generated by the user, liked or retweeted.

Getmessages/Getcomments:
Takes input username. Returns a list of object message either sent or received by the user. In case of getcomments, returns a list of object comment posted by the user on a tweet.

Searchpeople:
On taking the username of the person to be searched as input, returns a List of object type 'Junta' of the people which match with the input string. These objects themselves contain all the information of the users.

Addtweet:
Takes two entities as input, namely username who is posting the tweet and the message or the body of the tweet he/she is posting. It returns nothing since it will only add the pair to the database.

Retweet:
Void function. The input values tweet_id and username correspond to the user who retweeted the tweet and the tweet which he/she liked.

Updatepass:
Takes two entities as input, namely username who is changing the password and password itself. It returns nothing since it will only add the pair to the database.


Servlets:

Login and Signup:
Implements the functions which are required to create an account and also does password verification while logging. The functions which it uses are updatepass and updatename. If signup is invoked, it returns to the login page. If login function is called, and the password is valid, then it goes to the homepage/NewsFeed of the user. Also calls the editing profile functions whose page is different but very similar to the signup page, except it won't have the username field.

Tweet/Commenting/Liking:
Has the functions which enables the user to tweet and comment on a particular tweet. Houses the functions gettweets, getcomments and addtweet. Takes two entities as input, namely username who is posting and the tweet/message or the body he/she is posting. When called lands on the respective pages, where the change is visible. Also calls the function like() whose output is the same page, with the update visible.

Messaging:
Implements the messaging functionality. Invokes the function getmessages when called. Takes input username. Returns a list of object message either sent or received by the user. After invoking, the user is able to see the message in the conversation form.

Search:
Uses the function searchpeople. Returns the list of people which when clicked gets to the personal page of those corresponding user. When invoked, shows the profiles of all the people whose profiles match the input String.
